# Omnia Regna Privacy Policy

Last update:  2019-09-16 ; [Version
History](https://github.com/rhymu8354/OmniaRegna/commits/master/pp.md)

__Omnia Regna__ ("the game" or "in-game") is owned by __Digital Stirling
Software, LLC__ ("DSS") and operated by __DSS and its affiliates__ ("we", "us",
"our", or "ourselves").  We may be contacted via e-mail at
[admin@omniaregna.com](mailto:admin@omniaregna.com).

The __Omnia Regna Privacy Policy__ ("this document") describes how we handle
the personal information of __anyone who establishes an account in the game__
("you", "yourself", or "your").  Your privacy is important to us.  Our goal is
to be completely transparent about what information we collect, what we do with
it, with whom we share it, how long we keep it, and the mechanisms and policies
we have to enable you to access and remove it.

This document may be updated from time to time.  The date of the last change
appears at the top, along with a link to where the document is kept in version
control, where the complete change history may be found.  You will be notified
in-game if the policy has been updated since you last logged into the game.
Alternatively, you may contact us to be notified about updates directly via
e-mail.

## Your Consent and Use of Services

By logging into, downloading any part of, playing, or interacting with __the
game or any web site or service owned by DSS which is related to the game__
("access", "access the game" or "accessing the game"), you are consenting to
the terms of this document.  If you do not agree with the terms of this
document, do not access the game.

Should you provide your e-mail address to us, you consent to us sending you
e-mail for the reasons outlined elsewhere in this document.  You may opt out of
this at any time by removing your e-mail address in-game, if it was provided to
us in-game, or by contacting us by e-mail.  Within 30 days of the receipt of
your request to remove your e-mail address, we will remove your e-mail address
and stop e-mailing you.

## Personal Information

By using the game, you may provide, and we will collect, the following which
may include personal information.

### Your in-game username

The name you choose for yourself and other users to see in-game representing
you is collected when you establish your account, and is maintained in the
primary record for your account.  We only use this to label your character and
chat in-game.  You may change this name at most once every 30 days.

### Your Twitch ID, login name, and display name

Should you choose to link your account with Twitch, either through the in-game
linking feature or by logging in with Twitch (OpenID Connect implicit
authorization flow), your Twitch ID, login name, and display name are collected
and maintained in the primary record for your account.  We use this to allow
you to log in with Twitch and to identify you in Twitch chat for the purposes
of accounting __stream award points__ ("points") and interacting with __the
game's Twitch interface__ ("Twitch bot" or "Golem") via Twitch chat.

Provided you have set an account password, you may unlink your account from
Twitch using the in-game unlinking feature.  This removes your Twitch ID, login
name, and display name from your account record.  Although you will retain any
points earned up to that point, your account will no longer be associated with
your Twitch identity.

### Your e-mail address

You may provide your e-mail address in-game.  If so, your e-mail address will
be maintained in the primary record for your account.  We use this for the
following purposes:

* To send you a password reset token should you request one using the "I forgot
  my password" feature at log-in time.
* To allow you to log in using your e-mail address, if you wish.

You may also provide your e-mail address by requesting to be subscribed to
receive policy updates via e-mail.  In this case, your e-mail address will be
maintained in a mailing list until or unless you request we remove your e-mail
from the list, which may take up to 30 days to take effect.

### Your password

If you create an account using a username and password, set an account password
for an account linked to Twitch, or log in using a password, we collect the
password for the purpose of authenticating your access.  The original plaintext
password is kept temporarily in the memory of the game's servers and your
browser during the authentication process, but is never saved or stored
anywhere.  What we store instead is a digest; the password is hashed using the
[PBKDF2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2898) algorithm, using
[HMAC](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4226) and the SHA-512 hash function, a
cryptographically-strong randomly-generated salt at least 512 bits long, and an
iteration count of at least 10000, to make it prohibitively expensive for your
password to be obtained in the event of unauthorized access to our records.
The digest, salt, algorithm identifier, and iteration count are stored in the
primary record for your account.

You may change your password at any time while logged in.  If you forget your
password, and have previously set your e-mail address in-game, you may request
an e-mail containing a password reset token, which may be used to change your
password once.  You may also remove your password, if your account is linked to
Twitch.

We use password strength estimation software to check passwords for suitability
with the game, and may reject your password if we deem it too weak.  We highly
recommend you use a strong password (high amount of entropy and not in any
known dictionary of words or known passwords) that is unique and not used on
any other site, service, or system.  Should we discover or suspect that your
account password has been leaked or obtained by any unauthorized party, we will
suspend (ban) your account with a message to contact us which you can receive
by attempting to log in.  This is for your safety as well as the safety of
others using the game.

### In-game Chat

Any chat messages you type in-game may be recorded for up to one week (7 days)
in log files saved on our servers.  We collect chat messages for immediate
transmission to other players in-game, and store them in the event of a dispute
between game players or the reporting of a game player for any violation of the
game's terms of service.

### Cookies and Local Storage

The game does not use browser cookies of any kind.

The game uses browser [HTML5
LocalStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage)
in order for your web browser to remember your username and persistent login
token, should you opt in to this by selecting "Remember Me" during the game's
login process.  You may opt out at any time by using the "Log Out" button in
the game, or by using your browser's built-in tools to clear LocalStorage.

Any information stored in your browser's LocalStorage by the game is only kept
locally and sent to the game's servers, and is never used or sent to any third
party.

## Sharing Your Data

We will not share your data with anyone other than yourself, with the following
exceptions:

* To comply with a valid legal process or government request that requires us
  to share data.
* In the event of an ownership change of DSS or the game, we would transfer the
  data to the new owner of the game.
* In the event you give us your consent or direct us to share your data.
* If we have, in good faith, the belief that sharing the data is necessary to
  detect, prevent, or address fraud.
* If we have, in good faith, the belief that sharing the data is necessary to
  protect the rights, property, or safety of you, us, third parties, or the
  public.

## Location of Services

Our servers are hosted by Amazon Web Services and are located in the United
States of America.  If you are located outside of the United States of America,
or are not under the jourisdiction of the United States of America, be advised
that by accessing the game you are consenting to your personal
information being processed and stored on servers located within the United
States of America.

## Data Retention and Backups

We keep complete backup copies of all data in the game, including your personal
information, both in our game servers and on separate private storage devices.
These backup copies may be retained indefinitely.  We use these backup copies
in the following ways:

* In order to restore the game in the event of data corruption or loss.
* To measure and study aggregate data of the game over time, in which case all
  personal information is excluded.
* If we need to extract any data to be shared per the restrictions specified
  elsewhere in this document.

## Your Rights

We provide an in-game method you may use at any time to download a copy of all
your personal information held on our game servers, with the exception of chat
logs.  You may also contact us to send you via e-mail a copy of all your
personal information held on our game servers, including chat logs.  If you
request your personal information by e-mail, we will send it to you via e-mail
within 30 days.

At any time, you may request your account be deleted.  We provide an in-game
method to perform account deletion.  You may also contact us to have your
account deleted, and we will delete your account within 30 days.  When your
account is deleted, this will remove all your personal information from our
servers, except for backup copies, which may be retained in order to comply
with valid legal processes or government requests, to detect, prevent, or
address fraud, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of you, us, third
parties, or the public.

## Restrictions

We do not knowingly collect any personal information from or about persons
younger than 13 years of age.  Persons younger than 13 years of age are not
permitted to access the game.  If we learn or discover that a person younger
than 13 years of age has accessed the game, the associated account will be
deleted and all personal information will be removed from our servers.

Persons who are 13 years of age or older, but are still considered minors, must
obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian before accessing the
game.  If we learn or discover that you are 13 years of age or older, are
considered a minor, and do not have the consent of a parent or legal guardian
to access the game, we will suspend (ban) your account with a message to
have your parent or legal guardian contact us to provide their consent for you
to continue accessing the game.

If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who is younger than 13 years
of age or does not have your consent to access the game, please contact
us.

## Third Party Contributions and Links

We are not responsible or liable for the content of any chat messages posted by
users of the game, or the activities performed by users of the game.  We
provide in-game methods for reporting inappropriate content or activities of
other users in the game, and strongly recommend you make use of these methods
to alert us.  Although we disclaim all responsibility and liability for
inappropriate content and activities of users in the game, we will make
reasonable efforts to moderate such content and activities, including but not
limited to purging chat messages, hiding player names, and banning players
temporarily or permanently.

We or other users may provide or post links to third party sites or services.
These third party sites or services are independent of DSS and have their own
privacy policies.  We therefore are not responsible or liable for the content
or activities of these third party sites or services, and strongly advise
caution before following such links.
